when writing a readme for a blueprint, in the deployment of the test example we often choose a storage class 
that depends of the cluster and that should be adapted to each specific use case, can we add this somewhere in the CLAUDE.md to 
remind the user that the storage class must be adapted to his specific situation, and also adapt the subsecquent readme.md that you produced

In the case of the keeper pattern, multiple workload may exist in the same namespace, in this case multiple keeper should also exist. 
The good practise then is to ensure that each keeper as the proper environment variable to target the right workload. Each couchbase keeper
should have the label `couchbase-keeper` and the blueprintbinding should target them. On each keeper deployment we set environment variables which 
will be specific to the workload, for instance the name of the couchbase cluster or user and password. 
This way we avoid the use `objects` in a phase making the blueprint more general.
USERNAME, PASSWORD and CLUSTER env variable is already set up in the keeper when kubeExec execute. 
The name of the keeper should map easily the name of the workload, for instance if your couchbase cluster is cb-example then the name of the deployment 
should be cb-example-keeper and the name of the pvc should be cb-example-keeper. 
Can you first change kasten-kanister.md to add this modification to the pattern that use keeper and 
then change the couchbase example without resting it.



Let's open the possibilities and also emphase that the keeper could be a service like minio, if the workload know how to send a backup using s3 api. 
For instance, if the user does not have any RWX storage and want to backup elsaticsearch we could have use the backuper pattern with the keeper being a s3 service.

The keeper can have multiple container one for capturing the dump and another one that include kubectl to capture resource information and store them along the 
backup, in this case the keeper must be given the approriate service account and the appropriate role to query those api.

elasticsearch-eck is actually using pattern 3 not 5 can you confirm that I'm not wrong this is maybe due to the change we did to the ordering of the pattern. 




